update vue docs to include information about vue devtools (#8295)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/vue.mdx

  integrations: [vue({ devtools: true })],
});
```

> 

Reviewer: It will proably require the Since component there but wait for others' confirmation

> For more customizations you can also pass all the options
> that the [Vue DevTools Vite Plugin](https://devtools-next.vuejs.org/guide/vite-plugin#options) supports
> (except appendTo). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Customizing Vue DevTools

<p><Since pkg="@astrojs/vue" v="4.3.0" /></p>

For more customization, you can instead pass options that the [Vue DevTools Vite Plugin](https://devtools-next.vuejs.org/guide/vite-plugin#options) supports. (Note:  `appendTo` is not supported.)

For example, you can set `launchEditor`  to your preferred editor if you are not using Visual Studio Code:
```
Not sure a section header was REALLY necessary here, but it works better if we want to add a Since with a different minor version, so I think this works.

  integrations: [vue({ devtools: true })],
});
```

#### Customizing Vue DevTools

<p><Since pkg="@astrojs/vue" v="4.3.0" /></p>

> For more customization, you can instead pass options that the [Vue DevTools Vite Plugin](https://devtools-next.vuejs.org/guide/vite-plugin#options) supports. (Note:  `appendTo` is not supported.)
> 
> For example, you can set `launchEditor`  to your preferred editor if you are not using Visual Studio Code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more customization, you can instead pass options that the [Vue DevTools Vite Plugin](https://devtools-next.vuejs.org/guide/vite-plugin#options) supports. (Note: `appendTo` is not supported.)

For example, you can set `launchEditor` to your preferred editor if you are not using Visual Studio Code:
```
Stupid, terrible spaces. :P
